Add scripts to verify anchors in CI (#3128) (#3129)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/maintain-tiflash.md

## Take a TiFlash node down

> Taking a TiFlash node down differs from [Scaling in a TiFlash node](/tiflash/maintain-tiflash.md#take-a-tiflash-node-down) in that the former doesn't remove the node in TiDB Ansible; instead, it just safely shuts down the TiFlash process.

Author: ```suggestion
Taking a TiFlash node down differs from [Scaling in a TiFlash node](/tiflash/scale-tiflash.md#scale-in-a-tiflash-node) in that the former doesn't remove the node in TiDB Ansible; instead, it just safely shuts down the TiFlash process.
```

Take the following steps to handle the data file corruption:

> 1. Refer to [Take a TiFlash node down](/tiflash/maintain-tiflash.md#take-a-tiflash-node-down) to take the corresponding TiFlash node down.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Refer to [Take a TiFlash node down](#take-a-tiflash-node-down) to take the corresponding TiFlash node down.
```
